Add disk free space cluster settings (#7799)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

- Default value: 85
- Value range: [0, 100]

## Set disk free space threshold

Sets a disk circuit breaker that checks disk usage before running an ML task. If the disk free space exceeds the threshold, OpenSearch triggers a circuit breaker and throws an exception to maintain optimal performance.

> Values are in byte unit and default value is 5G, to disable this circuit breaker, set the value to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid values are in byte units. To disable the circuit breaker, set the value to 0.
```

- Default value: 85
- Value range: [0, 100]

## Set disk free space threshold

Sets a disk circuit breaker that checks disk usage before running an ML task. If the disk free space exceeds the threshold, OpenSearch triggers a circuit breaker and throws an exception to maintain optimal performance.

> Values are in byte unit and default value is 5G, to disable this circuit breaker, set the value to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid values are in byte units. To disable the circuit breaker, set this value to -1.
```
